Hey, Red.
You're making me wish
I was those jeans.
Well, I wish
I was your yellow hat!
- [chuckles]
- What?
It's my favorite color.
Did I say something wrong?
Okay, uh, I'm sorry
about the jeans thing.
You made your point.
And my point is wh--
That I say these things
to women
even though I got a mother
that I love
and three beautiful sisters,
okay?
- Are you happy?
- Happy but nervous.
My friend from Indiana
is coming to visit.
Why do I talk to women
like that?
What are we doing here, guys?
I mean, big picture!
Does the world really need
another bank?
[♪♪♪]
[Bankston]
♪ Unbreakable ♪
♪ They alive, damn it ♪
♪ It's a miracle ♪
♪ Unbreakable ♪
♪ They alive, damn it ♪
♪ But females
are strong as hell ♪
♪ Unbreakable ♪
♪ They alive, damn it ♪
♪ It's a miracle ♪
♪ Unbreakable ♪
♪ They alive, damn it ♪
[speaking]
That's gonna be, uh...
you know,
a fascinating transition.
[singers]
♪ Damn it ♪
[smooth jazz music]
Smooth jazzercise.
Coming at you.
Now let's do some sitting.
Good morning, Black!
What?
A construction worker
called me Red.
I thought
we could have nicknames.
Ooh! Look at you getting
hit on by a construction worker.
[scoffs]
Meanwhile,
I got undercharged at the diner
for my morning scrod.
[high-pitched]
Crushing it!
Titus, Cyndee's going
to be here in four hours.
What did you promise me?
That I will not ask her
any questions
about the bunker.
Look, I know you think
I'm still
a little clueless
about how the world works,
but wait until you meet Cyndee.
Down in the bunker,
I was her big sister.
I always had to look out
for her.
Gretchen, Cyndee has been
waiting a long time
to play with that tennis racket.
And the imaginary ball.
Thank you, Gretchen.
[whispering]
I didn't give it to them.
There were side tubes?
Sometimes, I feel guilty,
like I abandoned Cyndee.
That's how I feel
about my wife back in Missis--
Interesting, Kimmy, go on!
You're the only person
who knows our deal,
so please help me take care
of her while she's here.
- Okay?
- Of course, Kimmy Schmidt.
And just in case I overhear
any juicy bunker tidbits,
I'll get all my crazy reactions
out of my system now.
Ooh!
No, she did not!
Sweet baby Jesus!
- Guess who!
- I don't like that!
Oh. Hi, Charles!
Hey.
[laughs nervously]
- Did you get my text?
- I did.
And I texted you back.
Oh.
It's a photo
of a man's penis.
I read that people text them
to each other.
- It's called a--
- Yeah! Oh, yeah.
I know what they're called.
Hola, morning, Vera.
- Hola, Kimmy.
- You want cereal?
The most important meal
of the day.
Let's hear it for breakfast!
Hey.
I just sent you a text.
Ooh.
- It's a duck pic.
- Wow!
I always knew you were funny,
but this is another level.
[laughs]
Hey, what are you up to
later today?
My friend Cyndee is coming
into town.
I'm going to show her
New York.
Oh.
It's too bad,
because I was gonna kind of
psych myself up
to kiss you later.
Or you could do that
now maybe.
Interesting.
Now, huh?
Go on.
Well, we'd have to stop
talking.
[Cyndee]
Give it to me.
Seriously, I don't need help.
- Let go, mister!
- You leave her alone!
Scram, you stupid honky!
- Kimmy, stop.
- Cyndee, this is New York.
You don't just give
your bags to people.
He's not people.
He's my boyfriend.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
- I just assumed...
- It's okay, Kimmy.
- I'm Brandon.
- Oh!
So good to meet you.
And I've got more luggage
to get.
This one does not pack light.
[laughs]
I don't know why I brought
so much pancake mix.
- Is that your car?
- Mm-hmm.
- And is that Brandon Yeagley?
- You remember him?
Do I remember
your middle school crush?
I only had to pretend to be him,
like, a bazillion times.
Well, here we are, Cyndee.
Make-out point.
It's so romantic, Brandon.
Stop!
If we really love each other,
then we can wait.
Aw, come on, Cyndee!
I drove all the way out here!
I have to pay for my own gas,
you know.
Forget it.
Let's just go home.
[laughs]
Now I've got the real thing!
I get to kiss him
and smell his chest. [sighs]
[sighs]
Wow.
So you're doing great, huh?
Oh, my gosh.
Super great!
I'm managing the pet store
in town.
And Brandon and I
are moving into a new house.
[gasps]
It's got an above-ground pool
and an in-ground trampoline.
Cool! Wait a minute!
Did you get a tattoo?
Yeah,
I saw it on a Chinese menu,
and I just fell in love
with it.
It means "bean curd."
Brandon got a matching one
for our one-month anniversary,
but there was a mix-up,
so his is in English.
[Kimmy]
Ah, wow. Matching tattoos.
Yeah.
It's real popular now,
like taking pictures
of your food or being biracial.
[Kimmy]
Gosh, Cyndee.
I am so proud of you.
You're really living your life!
Well, it seems like
you're doing pretty great too.
Yeah.
[gasps]
This guy at work,
we kissed today.
In the pantry!
- [gasps delightedly]
- This is boring!
So you kissed somebody!
Everybody kisses things.
White people kiss their dogs.
You lived in a bunker.
Where did you go
to the bathroom?
Did anybody try
to eat anybody?
Was there ever a moment
where you were like,
"The real prison is
in my mind"?
[clears throat]
I am as God made me.
Where have you been, mister?
Well, I wanted to let you two
catch up,
so I went and got you flowers
from the flower district.
And from
the Meatpacking District...
- Meat.
- Ah, thank you!
I love them.
[sniffs]
Hi, I'm Brandon.
Titus Andromedon.
Star on the rise.
Kimberly, a word.
You asked me to help you
keep an eye on Cyndee, correct?
Yeah, but now
you don't need to.
I underestimated her.
She's got a job and a house
and a guy who brings her
the traditional meat and flowers
of Indiana courtship.
Yeah, that boy's gay.
- What?
- Gay as a penguin.
- [gasps]
- Educate yourself.
- Read a nature video.
- He's not gay.
Gay hasn't even gotten
to Indiana yet.
There have been rumors in Ohio.
I know small-town gay, Kimmy.
Brandon has a tan line where
he usually wears a leather cuff.
He's from Indiana, but he weighs
less than 200 pounds.
And there's a stain on his jeans
that could only be
from re-varnishing
an Edwardian escritoire.
- What?
- It's gay for "desk."
Ugh!
You're being ridiculous, Titus.
Titus! When are us guys
going to talk about cars?
Huh, Titus.
Brandon is into cars.
Kimberly, a word.
That was smoke and mirrors,
Kimmy,
two things gay men love.
And I'd call him out on it
if I knew anything about cars.
Did I say that right?
"Curs."
- "Coors."
- Stop it.
Why would a gay man even want
to be with Cyndee, Titus?
I-- what would he possibly
get out of that?
Very well!
I'm sure you're right.
There's no way Brandon's gay.
Which means you wouldn't care
if I tried to seduce him.
- What?
- I'm just saying.
Obviously, I'll fail.
Because Cyndee's boyfriend
is super straight, right?
Right.
Do whatever you want.
The wheels are already
in motion.
So, Brandon,
tell me about yourself.
What do you like to do?
I'm just a regular guy.
I like, uh,
NASCAR and fishing,
you know,
quoting Borat,
setting up universal remotes,
and, of course, Vegas, baby.
[Cyndee]
Come on.
Let's go someplace else.
Let's go to the fanciest place
in Manhattan.
Did you know some places
call shrimp "prawns"?
I do now.
We could get a reservation
anywhere.
Just call up and say
we're Mole Women.
What? No.
I don't tell anyone
about that.
Really?
Kimmy, that's crazy.
Because when people find out
you're a Mole Woman,
they feel bad for you
and they give you free stuff!
Is that what you do
in Durnsville?
You get stuff because people
feel sorry for you?
Sure.
I didn't finish middle school.
I'm not qualified
to run a pet store.
I just said I liked dogs,
so they--
Oh, no, I forgot to get someone
to cover for me while I'm here.
So... the clothes, the house,
the "curs," the car...
that is not an easy word.
[Brandon]
It really is pretty great.
The Durnsville Elks Club
is paying for this whole trip,
plus spending money.
I want to get
a big-city spray tan.
So you both get stuff
out of this.
[pop music ringtone]
[gasps]
Ooh, it's the Durnsville
Board of Education.
This year,
I get to pick the chapter
that gets taken
out of the science textbook.
I think I'm going to have
the chef salad.
Who do you like
to have sex with?
Oh, I like hairless guys
with a little bit of--
You are an escritoire!
I'm a desk?
I mean,
I don't know what that means.
[knocking on door]
[Lillian]
What do you want, dear?
I was Rear Window-ing,
and it was just starting
to get good.
The old man on the third floor's
stuck in the tub.
He's starting to panic.
Lillian,
I'm planning a seduction.
A seduction.
I remember those days.
A cocktail at the bar,
a conversation held only
with the eyes,
and then the two of you
retire to the bathroom.
I called you
because I need you to keep
Kimmy and her girlfriend
out of the apartment.
Oh, sure.
I just need five minutes
with that country boy.
Or however long
Kenny Loggins' Footloose is.
Titus, cherish this time.
Someday you'll wake up
and you'll say,
"Who's that old woman
in the mirror?"
And then she'll punch you,
and you'll say,
"That's not a mirror.
That's an open window."
What are we talking about again?
Eh.
You're lying to my friend.
I'm telling her!
Kimmy!
Kimmy, please!
I'm not using Cyndee
to get stuff for myself.
- I'm part of the stuff.
- What?
She wanted me.
Ever since middle school.
What choice did I have
after what she's been through?
I do whatever she wants.
I-- I got a tattoo
that says "bean curd."
So you're doing all this
to make her happy?
I dumped Richard Hinkle
for her.
He's the one I wanted
to give flowers and meat to.
No, this is not okay, Brandon.
- You're lying to her.
- Really?
You never lied to Cyndee
in the bunker?
We're never going to get out
of this stupid bunker.
I'll never own a sports car
or a pool.
And Brandon Yeagley
got Apocalypsed!
Well, that's not true.
The reverend told me.
God spared Brandon.
And he's in an all-men's bunker,
so you know he's being faithful.
Really?
[in Spanish] "Brandon" is
a gay guy's name, right?
Okay.
You know Cyndee needs someone
to take care of her.
You left, so everyone back home
is stepping up.
Please don't ruin it for her.
Welcome to New York.
I wanna say... Brandon?
Ugh.
Titus, it's Brandon.
The gals are outside
talking to your landlord.
So then, in 1984...
no, wait, let me back up.
Modern-day Israel...
[Footloose by Kenny Loggins]
What's going on?
I think you know.
Well, I was wrong.
Brandon is not gay.
[whispers] No, he is.
He told me.
[whispers]
That's impossible!
I tried to seduce him.
In my over-shorts!
Am I not a pretty young thing
anymore?
Am I a bear now?
Or a daddy?
Or a Huxtable?
Titus, my best friend's
dream boyfriend is gay.
What do I do?
Are you asking me for advice
because I seem like
a wise old black man?
Oh, God.
My reflection.
I'm old!
I've been in that bath
for hours.
You all watched me struggle!
Shame!
- [groans]
- [gasps]
You're not gay, right?
Straight guys
can be vegetarians.
Hitler was a vegetarian.
[phone vibrating]
[gasps] Ooh!
I have to go.
I promised Cyndee
I'd take her out
for a real New York pizza bagel.
Well, I'm working tonight
if there's any chance
that you could come by.
I'll be here.
With my kissing hole.
They did it again!
They undercharged my breakfast
by 15%.
I think they're giving me
the senior citizen discount.
Why would they think someone
ordering broiled scrod
and a black coffee
is a senior citizen?
[laughs]
Dude, I think it's great
the strides
you gays have made.
You cut it out!
I know that straight act
is just a--
What's that Stanley Donen
movie with, uh,
Cary Grant and Audrey Hepburn?
- Charade?
- Ha!
- Tell me I'm a pretty boy.
- I can't do that.
What are you two doing?
[both] Sports.
How old do you think I am?
Titus, age doesn't matter.
You can die at any time.
[cell phone rings]
Hey, you.
What's going on?
Not much.
Where are you right now?
Home.
Just sucking on a chill pill.
Cool.
Are you free?
Sure.
What's up?
Uh, I want us to get
to the next level.
I've only got one life,
so it's now or never.
What do you mean next level?
Like, relationship-wise?
Let's go for it.
I found these butterscotches
in my pocket.
They just appeared!
It's a sign!
Come on,
I'm totally exposed here.
Don't let me down, dude.
Okay, dude.
I'm in.
Awesome! Yes!
I love you.
Me, too.
Hey, Cyndee, we're friends
no matter what, right?
- Of course.
- Okay.
Well, maybe I'm spoiled
because things are going
so well with Charles,
but I think you can do better
than Brandon.
Are you kidding?
Brandon's perfect.
He takes care of me...
like you used to.
Okay, I just want you
to be happy, so--
[orchestral music]
Cyndee Sandy Pokorny,
will you--
Yes! Oh!
Of course I will!
Oh!
What the H-E-double--
No.
You know what?
What the hell, Brandon?
Kimmy,
don't use that kind of language
in front of a unicorn.
Oh, my gosh, Cyndee,
unicorns aren't--
Offended by strong language.
Their magic protects them.
I think we all just want Cyndee
to be happy no matter what.
No.
This is too far.
Brandon is gay, Cyndee.
- He likes men.
- [scoffs] Gay?
Would a gay guy have just asked
Cyndee to be...
[imitating Borat]
my wife?
Why are you trying
to ruin this?
I'm not.
I'm trying to protect you,
as always.
Dang it, Kimmy!
I know what I'm doing!
Jeez, you think I don't notice
Brandon's tooth whitening strips
or how he's always taking
about Ancient Greece
and how things
were different then?
There was a culture
of mentors and students.
Wait, you know?
Then why are you--
Because! He's what I've wanted
for 15 years.
But this isn't love!
He just feels sorry for you.
Your whole life in Durnsville
is just people feeling sorry
for you!
But who cares?
I'm happy.
Don't I deserve to be happy?
- I'm a Mole Woman.
- No.
That is not going to work
with me.
I'm a Mole Woman too,
but I'm trying to move past it.
Are you?
'Cause I'm actually doing
what I said
I was going to do
back in the bunker.
You were going to see the world
and get an education
and a great job.
But you're
a 29-year-old babysitter
who lives in a basement.
Well, at least
I have a boyfriend
who isn't fake, Cyndee.
He's my fake fiancé, Kimmy,
and we're going to live
a beautiful fake life together!
Play!
[orchestral music]
- Well, hello.
- Look, dude.
I don't think
I actually said the words
when you called,
but I love you, too.
So let's get matching tattoos.
It's a thing now,
and maybe I'm overthinking it,
but Garfield?
Kimmy, what are you
talking about?
Hmm, I don't know.
Maybe when you called me
and said you loved me.
[laughs nervously] Uh, no.
I-- I didn't...
call you.
Oh, I guess I butt-dialed you.
Hey, you.
What's going on?
Did you get any ammo
from those corpses?
Not much.
- Where are you right now?
- Just sucking on a chill pill.
I'm in that sub-basement
where the missile launcher was.
Cool. You free?
Yeah, man,
I killed the prison guard.
- Sure, what's up?
- We can eat him later.
I want us to get
to the next level.
Awesome.
I've only got one life,
so it's now or never.
What do you mean next level?
Like, relationship-wise?
Okay, cool, look,
why don't you draw their fire?
I'll steal the antidote
from the monkey lab.
Let's go for it.
I found these butterscotches
in my pocket.
They just appeared!
It's a sign!
Come on,
I'm totally exposed here.
- Don't let me down, dude.
- Okay, I'm gonna blow the door.
- Oh, the monkeys look mad!
- Okay, dude.
- Okay.
- [both] I'm in!
I got it.
Meet me by the hover-car.
Awesome! Yes!
[sighs]
I love you.
- Me, too, dude.
- Me, too.
Oh, my gosh.
I thought it was rude
when you said,
"Troll the respawn, Jeremy."
But I figured that was just
a new way of saying goodbye.
I've been saying it all day.
Troll the respawn, Jeremy.
[laughs]
First time on bath salts, dear?
So you thought that I said
I love you
after we kissed, like, twice?
And you want to get
matching tattoos?
Kimmy, you don't know anything
about me.
You're from Tampa.
You have two sisters,
Liz and Sarah.
And your childhood dog
was named Jellybean.
None of that is correct.
Kimmy, I thought
that this was just fun--
Me, too-- I was trying
to have fun,
and then I made everything weird
'cause I'm weird.
And now you're looking at me
like I'm Jesus's
crazy stepbrother Terry.
That's not in the Bible,
is it?
No.
It'd probably be for the best--
Yep.
Got it.
Troll the respawn, Jeremy.
Black, gay, and old?
Oh, I'm not even gonna know
which box to check
on the hate crime form.
Excuse me, pal,
I'm sorry to bother you, but,
well, the last couple of days,
I've been asking myself
some tough questions
about how I treat women.
- Interest level exceeded.
- Wait, wait, wait!
Um, the thing is I-- I think
that I envy women
because they can be with men.
And I've never said this
out loud before,
but I think
that's what I want, too.
So... you want to go out
for a drink sometime?
Are you asking me out, you
tasty little Bob the Builder?
Yeah. I am.
You can't handle this yet.
Still got it!
Call me in ten years.
This is actually supposed
to take that long, so...
Cyndee.
My fiancé and I have decided
to return to Durnsville,
the city that never sleeps.
Is that siren still going off?
Cyndee... I'm sorry.
- Go on.
- You were right.
I'm not doing any of the things
I said I would.
It turns out
I don't even have a boyfriend.
I don't have anything.
It's like in the Bible,
when Terry borrowed
his brother's moped.
Listen to me.
Don't listen to me.
You get to live your life
the way you want.
That's the whole point
of not being in a bunker.
No one gets to tell you
what to do.
And I think part of me
is jealous of you,
because you really do have
everything you want.
You just took a shortcut
to get there,
and I can't do it that way.
You're gonna take
the road less traveled.
I guess so, Cyndee.
Even though that's exactly
how you got kidnapped.
True.
But if I'm going to do
all the things I said I would,
I need to get going.
And I know
where I'm going to start.
[Don't You [Forget about Me]
by Simple Minds]
I'm here to enroll
in the eighth grade.
I'm sorry,
but someone your age
can't enroll in middle school.
But Billy Madison did.
Yes, but Billy Madison's
family was very wealthy.
They owned Madison Hotels,
a Fortune 500 company.
But there is a GED class
that meets here.
This is perfect!
And they have a lacrosse team!
No, those are all
flyswatters.
Look out, world!
Here comes Kimmy!
[music continues]
End of Breakfast Club.
I know what it is.
[music stops abruptly]
Good night, everybody.